== README

Assumptions
  - We are getting a for real CSV file that is formatted correctly.

  - We are getting the most accurate data, so we will not need to run updates on current data.
  Only creation on the data we import.

  - A player's statistics are calculated for a team based on who he was playing for at the end of the year.
  If this was not true, we would need to figure out how this is calculated and clean up the player_teams table to account for
  partial years or break it down to a specific date range

  - A player can have both hitting and pitching statistics, we will handle that in the statistic model

  - A team can either be in the NL or AL.  If we wanted to deal with teams that can switch divisions, we would add a new table
  that would deal with them being in one or the other based on year.

* File Importing

  - File importing is handled by the FileImporter class and is stored in the service_objects directory.
  - Player importing inherits from file and imports players, inserting them into the database

  All specs for these are located in spec/service_objects

* Models
  Player
  Team
  PlayerTeam - Join table for player/team combo for a specific year.
  Statistic - Join table for the player, year, team, batting and pitching statistics
  BattingStatistic - Table for the batting statistics to be held for the season
    nil values are taken care of by defaults in the database (i.e. default hits if nil is 0

* Answers
  Answers to the questions can be determined by running Answers.answer in a rails console.
  1. Most improved uses the MostImproved service object, it takes in an attribue, begin year, end year and minimum at bats
     The attribute has to be something that BattingStatistic will respond to with a call, so an attribute or instance method.
     You could find different statistics by running MostImproved.calculate("slugging_percentage",2009,2011,154)
     Which would calculate the most improved slugging percentage between 2009 and 2011 with 154 at bats.
  2. Slugging percentage uses a standard scope relation on the Stat object to find all the Stat for teams of a certain type.
     It then includes all the batting statistics and players, loops through them and prints out the slugging percentage.
  3.

* Configuration

* Database creation
  run rake db:setup


* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
